Before we go into the next example,
we've got fromNullable.
Very helpful utility.
So we'll say I take some value x and if x
is not equal to null, I'll go ahead and
return a right of the x,
rather return to the left of nothing.
And then we can take this big nasty,
I don't like to use curly braces and
return if you've noticed.
So we can actually just call
fromNullable on this thing.
I know this is,
bear with me and, whoops.
And so what's happening here
is it's basically saying,
if you can, it's a little squished.
But the idea is that fromNullable
captures, hey, if whatever's in
here is null just return it a right or
a left based on if it's null or not.
That way I don't have to keep writing,
assigning variables and
then checking that.
I have one definitive null check that I
can return you if my function ever returns
null I'll do it in the function, so
then my function becomes much safer for
every caller of that function.
Cool, so we have that.
And now let's blow that away.
Did anybody see that a little longer?
I wanna take that away,
you'll see it, pretty good.
You don't have to implement these.
Either box all this stuff is there's
libraries out there for you and
they're functional programming
Monad libraries out there.
There's predefined a lot of these types.